So here I am and the source code responsible for the EP you saw in The Last Lecture.
And as you can see here I got three major components and then some subcomponents.
All these components in the ep component I'm loading them all my home component my users component and
service component.
For now I'm going to ignore my subcomponents year added server and a single server.
So we will later nest this even more.
But for now it would be nice if all these three components.
I would only display one at a time so that we can dynamically load them by clicking on these links here
at the top.
And we really load a different route in our app.
Now where do we richest or such routes.
Let's think about it logically.
These routes are responsible for our whole app everywhere in our application.
If we enter a slash users we want to load the users component as our main page let's say.
So since this is really a core part of our app where should be registered.
Well the app module sounds like a good place because here is where we can figure out app where we add
all these components and so on.
So this might be a good place to also inform angler about the routes our application has and it is.
So here above this at Engy module decorator here I will add a new constant and I will name it app route's
because it should hold all the routes of my application.
Now these routes constant Shippy of a specific type the routes type which needs to be imported from
at angular router.
So make sure to add this import at the top.
This is the type informing Engler we're giving these routes some structure I should say.
You don't necessarily have to add it here but it is a good practice.
Now with this import added and the constant set up it does constant actually hold it should hold an
array because we will have multiple routes.
So we add all the routes we want to set up to just array for now.
And each route now is just a javascript object in disarray.
Now the question is how should such a route be configured in an angular app.
It has to follow a specific pattern a specific structure for angular or to be able to use it.
And this structure always needs a payoff.
This is what gets entered into your L after your domain.
This should be a string and the first route I want to add could be my users route.
This allows me to then wisit localhost or whatever your domain is.
4200 in this case here and then slash users.
So that is your pop without the slash.
And this is important.
Make sure you don't add the slash here.
This would be incorrect added without the slash.
So it is not a path and this will later allow angler to determine which route in our array of Rocketeer
should be selected.
If we enter something in your air or click some link because it clearly defines well which pop Dezhurov
should be.
Now we also need to define what should happen when is pop is reached.
Right now nothing happens.
It's a route but yet there is no action attached to it.
The action typically is a component so that you inform angular that once this part is reached a certain
component should be loaded and this component will then be the page you could say which gets loaded.
So here for users it sounds about right to load our users component.
And of course it's up to you to make sure that in your application you are indeed well configuring your
components you want to serve as pages to look like page to have all the content you want to have on
this page.
In this case that's the case for my users component here at least for now it will output my list of
users and then the single user component next to it we will later improve this to also be able to select
the user from this list of users here.
But for now that's fine.
So it is now my first route with the users component getting loaded.
Once we target slash users.
Now let's add a couple of other routes.
I'll duplicate this or replicate this twice.
I also want to have a certain page I display once we have just local host 4200.
So an empty path often you could say.
So we should also create a route for days with just an empty path.
And here I want to load my home component.
Does the starting page you could say you of course don't need to have such an empty path but then you
somehow need to handle this.
Well the user exorcise an empty path differently and it will come back to us later.
So for now we have an empty POV just localhost 4200 loading new home component Sless users will load
use this component and I also want to have Slash servers which will load my server or servers component
with that free routes are set up here.
But that alone won't do anything.
How would a singular know that you want to use this constant.
You could have added any constant here and the name app routes.
Well that is totally up to you.
So right now these routes will be ignored by Engler and the type routes here it doesn't do anything
when it comes to this.
So we somehow need to register these routes in our app and we do this by adding a new import here to
the US imports array.
We need to add the router module here and the router module should be imported from our at angler router
packets here.
So with this added we're adding the routing functionality to app but still our routes are not registered.
That is why this router module has a special method you can call for root which allows us to register
some routes for our main application here.
So for you it will now receive our app routes constant here as an argument and with that our routes
are now registered in our anger app on this router module which gives sesterces routing functionality.
And now Cingular knows our routes.
The missing piece is someplace to render the currently selected component because if you have a look
at our app component template we still add our components here with their selector now.
OK we visit slash users so anger knows we want to load the users page but how does it know where to
display it.
How does it know if you want to display it here or here or maybe here in the head or it doesn't know.
So the right place to inform where to load it is to get rid of all these rows year but one so only have
the place where you actually want to render your out.
And now you don't add your component with it selector but you add a special directive shipping with
Angela or the router outlet.
Now it looks like a component but it still only is a directive.
Keep in mind directives may have any selector including those component auratus elements style selector.
And with this this now simply marks the place in our document where we want the angular router to load
the component of the currently selected route.
And with this also that if we now save this unleaded repulsed therefore we should see that this rebuild
successfully and if we wisit our page now you see we only see the home page now and if we now enter
slash users here we see the users page and if we enter slash servers we see the service page.
So this is working.
Of course our links are not working.
This is something we will work on next